# PostgraduateProject - Security and Trust in IoT Data Streams using Tangle Distributed Ledger and Node-RED Technology

* After working for a few years, I realized that booming technology has rapidly changed the way people live and it has also affected our daily life in many different formats, such as smart wearable devices, facial recognition technology, and auto-pilot vehicles. Therefore, I decided to quit my job and pursue a higher-educational degree in innovative technology subjects for several reasons. First, I do not want to stay in the comfort zone, working as a PLM Consultant or Engineer for my entire life. Second, I strongly believe that the usage of "Smart Technologies" must be a trend in the future. For example, we can combine IoT (Internet of Things) devices with 5G technology to build a smart city, use IoT sensors and AI (Artificial Intelligence) technology to create a smart auto-pilot vehicle, and forecast a future possibility by integrating Big Data and Machine Learning technology.

* After getting several offers from different universities around the UK, I eventually chose to study the MSc IoT course at Queen Mary University of London. I have learned a lot during my Master's courses. For example, I created a small sensor device by using an Arduino board and controlling it with Arduino IDE in the lab. In Machine Learning class, I learned how to write a neural network function to implement a prediction by using Python. I also completed an individual project in Cloud Computing and a group project in Data Analytics. [For more information, please refers to "ECS781P_MiniProject: https://github.com/Johnny9527/ECS781P_MiniProject", "ECS781P_MiniProject_Cassandra: https://github.com/Johnny9527/ECS781P_MiniProject_Cassandra", and "spending: https://github.com/ykt30/spending"]

* This repository presents a state-of-the-art of my Master's degree project, which is secure the IoT Data Streams in transactions by using Tangle Distributed Ledger and Node-RED Technology. My MSc project received a final score of "76.5", which represented a "Distinction" or "First-Class Honours". [For my MSc Project, please refers to "Dissertation Research Paper_Chia Yu Lee.pdf: https://github.com/Johnny9527/PostgraduateProject_2020/blob/main/Dissertation%20Research%20Paper_Chia%20Yu%20Lee.pdf"]

